James/sdk docs (#38)
quotient-ai/quotient-docs: sdk-reference/get-started.mdx

<Steps>
  <Step title="Install the Quotient Python SDK">

    ```code
    pip install quotientai
    ```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Create an API Key">
    Next, create an API key to authenticate yourself. You can create an API key in your [settings](https://app.quotientai.co).

>     [Watch the API Key Creation Video on YouTube](https://youtu.be/F5tMAsckl_c)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Tip>[Check out our API Key Creation Video on YouTube](https://youtu.be/F5tMAsckl_c)</Tip>
```

      ```python prompting.py
      from quotientai import QuotientAI

      # Initialize client
      quotient = QuotientAI()

>       # Create a prompt object

Reviewer: I think these comments are redundant -- the code itself is fairly explanatory.

      prompt = quotient.prompts.create(
        name="my-first-prompt",
        system_prompt="You are a helpful assistant."
        user_prompt="Your task is to assist customers by providing clear, concise, and helpful responses to their inquiries."
        system_prompt="You are a helpful assistant.",
        user_prompt="Your task is to assist customers by providing clear, concise, and helpful responses to their inquiries: {{input}}"
      )

>       

Reviewer: We should add a separate section for prompt templating, and keep this example simple without the `{{input}}`

    Hit `Run` and see what happens!

    ![PromptLab UI Screenshot](../images/promptlab-ui.png)

>     [Watch the demo video on Youtube](https://youtu.be/LLjlatYsaM8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Tip> [Check out the demo video on Youtube](https://youtu.be/LLjlatYsaM8)</Tip>
```
